Hi! Welcome to IT.
We’re your source for help with your assigned equipment, network access, or software.
We can help you in a number of ways
in-person, on the phone, and online.
Our friendly, competent staff will make sure you have everything you need to be productive and efficient.
Come on, let me show you around.
At Tech Place in the National Office,
you can work directly with  IT Help Desk staff to quickly get answers.
No appointment is necessary during normal business hours,
Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. ET.
Just sign-in when you arrive and the technician will work to resolve the issue for you.
Sure, I can take a look at that keyboard for you.
When visiting the Tech Place is not an option, you can also chat, click, or call the Help Desk.
The chat function is available through Microsoft Lync using Help Desk as a contact.
A technician can even log into your computer remotely to troubleshoot during a chat if necessary.
The Help Desk portal allows you to quickly submit a ticket or review knowledge base articles.
If you want to speak to an agent directly,
you can call the Help Desk at 888-925-2002
or x3- HELP Monday through Friday, from 7 a.m. until 8 p.m.  E.T.
You can learn more about IT Services and get detailed instructions on how to use the AARP Help Desk Portal
and Chat by clicking “ITS-At Your Service” under Key Resources on the InfoNet home page.
AARP supports staff that need to work remotely on a regular basis or just occasionally.
Making teleworking easy and accessible is our goal in cultivating a mobile workforce.
When you work remotely you can access internal AARP applications including
InfoNet, Share Net, Outlook, and the shared H and V Drives.
See more in the “Working Remotely” section on the ITS – At Your Service on InfoNet.
So, that’s really all you need to know about IT for now.
Technology will keep you productive, and we’ll keep your technology running smoothly.
And that’s the big picture of IT services.
Close this window to return to the map to find your next clue.